# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview

This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

# Summary

### **Problem Statement**

The dataset describes about the marketing campagins for a bank, which consists of the information about :-

- Bank client data (**attributes** :- age, job, marital, education, default, housing, loan, balance)
- The last contact of the current campaign (**attributes** :- contact, month, day, duration)
- Other (**attributes** :- campaign, Pdays, previous, poutcome)
  - **y** is the desired target, where we need to know whether client subscribed the term deposit or not (**yes** or **no**) . The dataset contains 32950 training data in CSV file and its a classification problem.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline

**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML

**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison

**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work

**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up

**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
